# Circuits

These iconic racing circuits are the stages where the magic of snail racing 
comes to life, where snails gracefully glide, charge, or blaze their way 
through challenges, each circuit bringing its unique blend of excitement and 
beauty. Each circuit will be one of four different lengths:

- Sprint (`50m`)
- Normal Race (`100m`)
- Normal Race (`150m`)
- Endurance (`200m`)

Some species of snails may have advantages over particular lengths, which can 
influence how racers place their bets.

## CrystalFleet Circuit

CrystalFleet Circuit is a track renowned for its transparent, crystal-clear 
racing surface. Snails glide on this pristine course, creating a spectacle of
speed and elegance. The CrystalFleet Circuit was discovered in the depths of 
the Lustrous Prismshell's ancient caves. This natural wonder inspired the 
creation of a remarkable racing track. The circuit has drawn sponsorship from 
Velocity Races Inc., harnessing the elegance of Lustrous Prismshells.

## ElectroStorm Speedway

ElectroStorm Speedway is an electrifying racecourse designed to challenge the 
most resilient snails. The track's dynamic features include electrifying 
obstacles and thunderous straights. Located in the heart of the tempestuous 
Stormstrike Thunderhorn's homeland, ElectroStorm Speedway was inspired by the 
snail's legendary charging prowess. TurboTracks Racing leads sponsorship to 
electrify snail racing further.

## Enchanted Grove Raceway

Enchanted Grove Raceway is a lush and mystical circuit surrounded by towering 
ancient trees and magical flora. The raceway weaves through enchanted groves, 
making it a captivating journey. The Enchanted Grove Raceway is said to be a 
gift from the Gilded Royalcrests, who once served as guides to lost travelers. 
DreamCircuit Enterprises leads the sponsorship, enhancing the race's mystical 
experience.

## Nebula Nexus Speedway

Nebula Nexus Speedway is set amidst the cosmos, featuring gravity-defying loops 
and breathtaking views of celestial wonders. Snails race through the stars and 
cosmic phenomena. Nebula Nexus Speedway was inspired by the Galactic Speed 
Syndicate's pursuit of interstellar racing. InfinityLanes Racing sponsors this
extraordinary track, connecting snails with the universe.

## TechnoTurbo Arena

TechnoTurbo Arena is a high-tech racing marvel with a futuristic, cybernetic 
design. The track features advanced challenges and showcases snails' 
techno-boosted capabilities. Bioengineered Circuitshells and their technomagic 
enhancements inspired the creation of TechnoTurbo Arena. FusionForce Race Team 
leads the sponsorship, bringing technology to the forefront of snail racing.

## Inferno Rush Speedway

Inferno Rush Speedway takes snail racing to the fiery heart of volcanic 
landscapes. The track features lava flows, scorching obstacles, and blazing 
straights that push snails to their limits. Inspired by the intensity of 
Emberwing Infernoshells' fiery habitats, Inferno Rush Speedway is a testament 
to their resilience. Red Snail Racing Team leads the sponsorship, bringing the 
element of fire to snail racing.

## Glacial Glacier Oval

Glacial Glacier Oval is a stunning ice-covered race circuit set within icy 
landscapes. The track offers slippery challenges and beautiful, icy vistas
for thrilling snail races. Nestled in the heart of Frostglacier Chillshells' 
frigid domains, the Glacial Glacier Oval pays homage to their arctic heritage. 
AeroDash Racing leads the sponsorship, adding the element of ice and frost to 
snail racing.
