# Nations

In the ancient history of this world, three prominent nations shared a large 
continent. Each of these nations had its unique advancements and expertise. 
The world was characterized by a balance of power, cultural exchange, and 
cooperation among the nations. It was during this era that snail racing began 
to evolve, starting as a traditional, friendly competition among these nations.

## Kasaihara

Specialising in Argiculture and the Mystical Sealing Magics learnt by studying 
the ancient stormstrike and terraforce snails. The Kasaihara nation had vast 
fertile lands, often renown for its agricultural prowess as a result of their 
deep connection to teh earth and their understanding of unique qualities of the 
land.

The people of Kasaihara celebrate their connection to the Stormstike snails by 
conducting elaborate flame rituals. These rituals are not only a form of 
worship but also a means of harnessing the power of storming weather for 
sealing magics. This alsoinvolves vibrant fire festivals during the wet season 
to celebrate their connection with the earth. These festivals often feature 
mesmerising fire displays, traditional dances , adn the crafting of intricate 
flame patterns. These events apply enough heat into the air and causing 
lightning storms marking a successful festival.

Kasaihara values community and cooperation. The people work together to 
maintain their bountiful farms and to endure the prosperity of their nation. 
Inspired by the Terraforge snails, Kasaihara has developed mystical sealing 
magics. These magics are used for various purposes,  such as protecting their 
crops from natural disasters and sealing away malevolent forces.

## Verkstadheim

A nation with a keen focus on their engineering and technological advancements. 
They are often known for their cutting-edge technology and innovations to master 
the art of machinery. The people of Verkstadheim take great pride in their 
craftsmanship. They pay meticulous attention to detail and create high-quality 
products, from intricate clockwork mechanisms to advandced bioengineering 
technologies.

One of the nation's most significant achievements is the creation of the 
Bioengineered Circuitshell snails. These advanced creatures combine organic 
matter with technology, resulting in remarkable usecases in medical, energy 
and defence. Verkstadheim has a strong emphasis on self-sufficiency. The 
nation's advanced farming techniques and renewable engery sources through snail 
science contribute to their independence and sustainability. 

The architecture and design in Verkstadheim is phenomenal, often blending 
traditional norse aesthetics with modern technology. The nation's cities 
feature a harmonious combination of historical elements and cutting-edge 
structures.

## Yukiyama

Yukiyama is located in the icy tundras and high alpine regions, where the land 
is blanketed in snow and ice all year. The nation's people have adapted to 
these harsh environments, learning to survive in the face of extreme cold. The 
people are known for their remarkable endurance and resilience.

The nation hosts a series of winter festivals that celebrate the beauty of the 
snowy landscapes and pay homage to the Chillshell's who taught them the means 
of survival in these conditions. These festivals also involve rituals and 
performances that honor the Obsidianshells in hope it deters their elders from 
corupting the weak minded. Yukiyama's culture is steeped in mystical traditions 
and a deep connection to the natural world.

The allure of the Elder Obsidianshells has a significant impact on Yukiyama. 
Some individuals are tempted by the snail's enigmatic powers, leading to inner 
conflicts and struggels for control over these etherial powers. 
